[Music]
it's all the menus of most of the
restaurants in the world and it's a
popular lunchtime classic what would you
say if I told you we were going to do
the ultimate version of a chicken Caesar
salad a tech can't wait and that's what
I'm going to do good we're going to make
it ultimate by poaching our chicken
we're going to make a homemade Caesar
dressing we can do all these things
pictures on the vine crouton season with
five different flavorings and I think
the best part a Parmesan cheese basket
this doesn't sound like your ordinary
chicken Caesar salad no it's ultimate
and it starts with our chicken so one
chicken breast and we're going to put
that into a pan of boiling water but as
soon as it goes in turn the heat off
why and then let it poach about ten
minutes because then it'll be slightly
less than boiling which keeps it really
moist and succulent
yeah I'm just cooking a temperature to
get so nice and cool and cooler but it
cooked chicken through later on we take
out slicing and Charma okay so if you
can do that yeah over here I have got a
chunk of parmesan and I think this is
the best part it's now parmesan Boston
what I'm doing is great it's nice and
fine grate it into a large disc and then
just going to tidy up the edges those
bits will burn otherwise so it's gonna
be a bomb how do we get the motion that
becomes later on so this is gonna go to
another yeah 180 degrees Celsius for
four minutes till it's molten the kind
of bubbling and a little bit golden then
as it comes out it gets draped over a
bowl upside down so it's an inverted
Bowl and it cools it on the guy's
brittle McEachern out okay so they can
go into another next up our croutons
we've got one ciabatta loaf and Jamie if
you can slice that in two pieces they're
gonna be long gyah better kind of
croutons rather than square ones and to
it I'm going to add five different
flavors salt pepper dried thyme dried
oregano and garlic powder and mix all of
those together scatter them over arch
your back to with a good reserve oil and
they can go into the oven alongside of
Hamza Chris hmm at this stage you've
gotta be careful
it's really really off motion shitty set
so just lift it over bowl and give it
about 10 15 seconds and then hopefully
we can take it off and turn over we have
our very own bowl to survive Caesar
salad yeah that that is what makes this
thing Ottoman without them with us salad
will be accordingly the dressing now you
can buy that but that's not very Altimas
this is open for making your own when
you use two different types of oil the
egg and in flavor it with and chipping
Parmesan pasta sauce Wow okay just start
without we need just an egg yolk
basically to make a mayonnaise so
separate out an egg
yep you're gonna get all the whiskey
that goes in there the red machines from
Albion's
ultimate would stink you are the
optional ice-cream machine to it we add
a dash of white wine vinegar a pinch of
salt and pepper some vegetable oil okay
and then also later on we're going to do
rapeseed oil about half Beach okay so
it's not too golden what quite a payoff
dressing for this that's already four so
as you dribble in the oil really really
slowly what will happen is the oil and
the egg helped just kind of multiply and
you get a thickening I love it when you
talk about science Italy don't get a
science but it's also love its ultimate
but if you are looking for other healthy
salads on the field good food series
we've done ones like there's a
watermelon salad the choosing Aswath
there was a lobster tail salad was
amazing I was all just incredible you're
looking for healthy I'd head that
direction as soon as you're happy you've
got the consistency of mayonnaise it's
now time to season it obvious already
got salt and pepper and vinegar but now
which just saw some good splash off yeah
for saltiness and creaminess some grated
Parmesan and that is too thick to be a
Caesar dressing so a splash of warm
water as you is and that's the kind of
thing you'd find in a bottle from the
supermarket except this one Jamie is
ultimate next up our salad we're going
to take a little gem lettuce if you can
just plug the leaves you want to keep
them pretty much whole because they're
beautiful it leaves if you also taste
all these cherry tomatoes and just pop
them off the vine yeah amazing if you
can buy two Tomas on the vine do so they
have so much better flavor while you're
doing that I'm going to slice up a red
onion keeping the pieces nice and fine
you don't onion to overpower the rest
the flavor especially as we're keeping
it warm and now to cha our chicken so
hopefully poached perfectly look at that
in the middle they're cooked away
through but never overcook doesn't dry
out
there's nothing worse when you buy salad
it charred on the grill for 20 minutes
or so the outside is so dry in order to
cook it all the way through that is
what's going to happen here it's just a
go always I can feel that heat from here
and it it's already cooked so this is
purely for decoration
and for a video extra flavor because
it's ultimate and now to dress the salad
so it looks as good as it's going to
taste the parmesan basket on the face
and plenty of our little gem lettuce on
top dress that with our Caesar dressing
and then Jamie with the cherry tomatoes
now I actually remember Lydia has just
done a video of dating dilemmas where
she said that chicken Caesar salad was
the ultimate first date meal and why is
that when she said it was because it was
light it's not messy it tastes good and
you look good whilst you're eating it
droops will always be better who comes
first for you doesn't it always always
why would you change yourself for
somebody else if it's this ultimate
Caesar salad I change to maybe that's
different we go more dressing more
layers of tomato we put our onion on
there as well now I'm going to grab the
chicken so get plenty of that on top of
there every stage of the process is
better than anything you would get
anywhere else
look at these these are fresh straight
out of the deli counter already
marinated but fresh anchovies use we've
got a little bit in our dressing already
but a couple of those on top more
dressing grab just two croutons jm8
plenty of seasoning and spice in those
five different things but that is I
think the ultimate chicken Caesar salad
Jamie won't have to do stuck in ok it
looks fresh and vibrant logon sets the
healthy side me well with all that
cheese basket but well it's really worth
the extra effort but every single piece
has had their that take some quickly as
we said at the start season as you can
pretty much get everywhere and yet this
one hoping we gets put down in front
someone with Parmesan basket you get the
wow factor as well on that why this
one's ultimate now if you want to see
some behind the scenes of a kitchen
table we get up to when we're not
cooking the make sure that you're
following bodytalk daily on twitter and
instagram and if you want to give this
ultimate Caesar salad a go at home then
head to sortedfood.com to get all the
recipe and ingredients and you can
subscribe to bodytalk down from loads
more recipes and other great videos
[Music]
let's get it done right the coconut
broth is it's in a coconut milk into the
pan and then smell these spices we've
got filler seeds ginger cardamom pods
and a cinnamon stick they are all going
in there as well
smells like a curry the perfect spice
blend
throughout what this stuff we're doing
today next up or if you can just have
that we want just the orange juice in
with our coconut milk so quite typically
you put lime into coconut milk in things
like tight